Hello and welcome to the finals tutorial of this section.
Yes this is the final tutorial section because we will and this double chance journey by making this
confusion matrix which will allow us to see how many incorrect predictions we did for this breast cancer
prediction.
And so a quick reminder the confusion matrix will return a table of four cells.
I will explain in detail what these four cells are but mostly two of them will give us the number of
correct predictions and the other two of them will give us a number of incorrect predictions.
So that will be very interesting to see.
For example if we did maybe one or two or 10 incorrect predictions and only really that from 1 to 10
incorrect predictions is really good compared to the 137 observations of the test set.
But then the other interesting thing we'll get is that thanks to this tall number of correct predictions
we'll be able to compute the accuracy which is either the number of correct predictions divided by the
total number of observations in the test set which is 137 or 1 minus the error rate that is one minus
the total number of incorrect predictions divided by the total number of observations we'll compute
that at the variance of this little Python adventure.
And now let's start making the confusion matrix.
So the confusion matrix can either be built directly by you know making a table and making all the calculations
with some functions but of course we're not going to do it this way.
We're going to do with efficient way and the way to do with the efficient way is with sikat learn.
Again sikat learned contains a module that is not model selection or in symbol.
It is the metrics much all the metrics module contains a bunch of functions to compute some metrics
that most of them evaluate the most performance.
So you have for example the accuracy metric you have the R-squared you have the edges that are squared.
You have all these metrics that evaluate your model on a certain scale and which are very useful if
you want to compare for example several modules.
And one of these functions is of course the confusion matrix.
It is a function that will just take two arguments the truth and the predictions.
That is of course why test the truth containing all the true results and why pred containing all the
predicted results.
And so it will take these two arguments and to return a table of four cells the true positives the two
negatives the false positives and the false negatives.
So I explain what they are and a few minutes it will be easier to understand.
Once we have the stable in front of us.
So first let's import what we need to call this confusion matrix function and so it is something we
import of course from sikat learn and then more precisely from a module by side learn which is called
as we just said metrics.
And from this metrics module of cycle learn we are going to import this confusion on this core matrix
function confusion matrix function perfect we have it and now we are basically ready to get what we
want.
Because the way to get it.
Well first it's a function that returns something its function returns.
This table of 4 cells and so I'm introducing new Voivode that I'm going to call C M for confusion matrix
which will be the result returned by this function.
And so now to call this function simply we take our confusion matrix function than some parenthesis
which are first the truth.
The true results which are contained in Y test and then the predicted result which are contained in
white bread and that's it.
We are ready to get the confusion matrix.
So let's lay these two lines of code and let's press command control plus answer to execute.
And here we go.
We have it.
It's indeed a table of four cells two by two and containing integers.
All right.
Let's have a look.
Double clicking on it and wow the number of incorrect predictions is only three plus two.
That is five incorrect predictions and that is out of the total number of incorrect predictions of the
test set which I remind the 20 percent of the total number of observations.
That is 20 percent of 683 which is one hundred and thirty seven.
So we only have five incorrect predictions out of 137.
All observations in the test.
So that's really really good you'll see the accuracy will be around 95 percent which is an excellent
accuracy so that's great results.
Again that shows the power of gradient boosting gradient boosting classification and now we have the
number of incorrect predictions.
We're now ready to compute the see but before this I like to explain four important concepts in science
which are the true positives to negatives the false positives and the false negatives.
So let's start with the true positives the true positives are the predictions that the tumor was cancerous
and there are correct number of true positives is basically the number of correct predictions that the
tumor was cancerous and therefore that this number here 48 then we have the true negatives which are
the predictions that the tumor was benign.
That is not cancerous and that were correct.
Again no true positives correct predictions that it was malignant and true negatives correct predictions
that it was not malignant that is benign.
And this is this number that was 84 correct predictions that the tumor was benign.
All right.
And then we have the false positives and the false negatives.
So the false positives is this number here.
And as you might guess this corresponds to the number of incorrect predictions that the tumor was cancerous.
Now it's easy to see it false positive.
You break that something is positive but your prediction is false false positive.
And there were three British signs like that.
Incorrect reactions that the tumor was cancerous.
And then finally there is the number of false negatives.
And so here you get this is the number of false negatives is the number of incorrect predictions that
the tumor was not cancerous.
You know negative not cancerous and therefore there were only two incorrect predictions that the tumor
was not cancerous to incorrect predictions that the tumor was benign.
OK so that's a plus to know this.
It's actually a question that comes up from time to time and interview so you might want to get this
well.
So here we go.
You get it.
And now let's finish this by section by something which is also important in data science but also that
will show you something else in Python.
Well something really simple but at least that will remind you that you can use the console any time
to make some calculus.
You don't have to create a new valuable here.
You can just use the console to get some information you want.
And right now the information we want is the accuracy.
So the accuracy there are two ways to compute it.
The first way is simply dividing the number of correct predictions by a little number of observations
in the test set of course because we want to do that for new observations.
So this total number will be 137 to set and then the second way is to compute 1 minus the error rate
that is 1 minus the total number of errors.
That is the total number of incorrect predictions divided by the total number of observations in the
test.
So which one would you like.
I'm going to do one you'll do the other.
I'll do the simplest one the simplest one is of course the number of correct predictions divided by
the total number of observations.
So let's keep in mind the number of correct relations was 84 plus 48.
And here we go.
Let's do this 84 plus 48.
That's the number of correct predictions which we have to divide by the total number of observations
in the test set which is one hundred and thirty seven.
And now you simply to press enter to get the accuracy which is even more than 95 percent.
It is 96 percent.
That's an amazing result especially for this kind of problem you know you want to be as accurate as
possible because you want to be responsible when predicting cancer.
So there we go.
And Sean we can do it for fun.
We can also do the other way one minus the total number of errors which was five 5 divided by the total
number of observations and said which is again 137.
Here we go.
We get exactly the same thing.
Perfect.
So congratulations.
These were your first steps and bison and not only now you know bison they're also you know how to tackle
two main data science problems regression and classification and you know how to tackle them with one
of the most efficient ways that is with gradient boosting.
All right so I hope you enjoyed it.
And now I will end this section by probably the most important thing I can tell you in all this section
or even in all this course and this thing is practice as much as you can practice and every day try
to make it functional try to solve a machinery mole or even build a machinery of from scratch whatever
you want.
But practice practice and practice because that's the key to success in data science.
So right now go back to UCLA and whenever you're ready start smashing the cable challenges.
And on that note I'll wish you a very good day of science journal.